New CMS documentation - More improvements & fixes (#2369)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/features/media-library.md

  }}
/>

## Configuration

Some configuration options for the Media Library are available in the admin panel, and some are handled via your Strapi project's code.

### Admin panel configuration

In the admin panel, some Media Library settings are available via the Global Settings to manage the format, file size, and orientation of uploaded assets. It is also possible, directly via the Media Library to configure the view.

#### Configuring settings

> **Path to configure the feature:** ![Settings icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Cog.svg) Settings > Global Settings > Media Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path to configure the feature:** <Icon name="gear-six" /> Settings > Global Settings > Media Library.
```
